# This file is generated by script/hassfest/codeowners.py
# People marked here will be automatically requested for a review
# when the code that they own is touched.
# https://github.com/blog/2392-introducing-code-owners

# Home Assistant Core
setup.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/*.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/helpers/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/util/* @home-assistant/core

# Other code
homeassistant/scripts/check_config.py @kellerza

# Integrations
homeassistant/components/abode/* @shred86
homeassistant/components/adguard/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/airly/* @bieniu
homeassistant/components/airvisual/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/alarm_control_panel/* @colinodell
homeassistant/components/alexa/* @home-assistant/cloud @ochlocracy
homeassistant/components/almond/* @gcampax @balloob
homeassistant/components/alpha_vantage/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/amazon_polly/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/ambiclimate/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/ambient_station/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/androidtv/* @JeffLIrion
homeassistant/components/apache_kafka/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/api/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/apprise/* @caronc
homeassistant/components/aprs/* @PhilRW
homeassistant/components/arcam_fmj/* @elupus
homeassistant/components/arduino/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/arest/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/asuswrt/* @kennedyshead
homeassistant/components/atome/* @baqs
homeassistant/components/aurora_abb_powerone/* @davet2001
homeassistant/components/auth/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/automatic/* @armills
homeassistant/components/automation/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/avea/* @pattyland
homeassistant/components/awair/* @danielsjf
homeassistant/components/aws/* @awarecan @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/axis/* @kane610
homeassistant/components/azure_event_hub/* @eavanvalkenburg
homeassistant/components/beewi_smartclim/* @alemuro
homeassistant/components/bitcoin/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/bizkaibus/* @UgaitzEtxebarria
homeassistant/components/blink/* @fronzbot
homeassistant/components/bmw_connected_drive/* @gerard33
homeassistant/components/braviatv/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/broadlink/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/brunt/* @eavanvalkenburg
homeassistant/components/bt_smarthub/* @jxwolstenholme
homeassistant/components/buienradar/* @mjj4791 @ties
homeassistant/components/cert_expiry/* @Cereal2nd @jjlawren
homeassistant/components/cisco_ios/* @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/cisco_mobility_express/* @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/cisco_webex_teams/* @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/ciscospark/* @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/cloud/* @home-assistant/cloud
homeassistant/components/cloudflare/* @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/config/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/configurator/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/conversation/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/coolmaster/* @OnFreund
homeassistant/components/counter/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/cover/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/cpuspeed/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/cups/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/daikin/* @fredrike @rofrantz
homeassistant/components/darksky/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/deconz/* @kane610
homeassistant/components/delijn/* @bollewolle
homeassistant/components/demo/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/device_automation/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/digital_ocean/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/discogs/* @thibmaek
homeassistant/components/doorbird/* @oblogic7
homeassistant/components/dweet/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/ecobee/* @marthoc
homeassistant/components/ecovacs/* @OverloadUT
homeassistant/components/egardia/* @jeroenterheerdt
homeassistant/components/eight_sleep/* @mezz64
homeassistant/components/elv/* @majuss
homeassistant/components/emby/* @mezz64
homeassistant/components/enigma2/* @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/enocean/* @bdurrer
homeassistant/components/environment_canada/* @michaeldavie
homeassistant/components/ephember/* @ttroy50
homeassistant/components/epsonworkforce/* @ThaStealth
homeassistant/components/eq3btsmart/* @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/esphome/* @OttoWinter
homeassistant/components/essent/* @TheLastProject
homeassistant/components/evohome/* @zxdavb
homeassistant/components/file/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/filter/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/fitbit/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/fixer/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/flock/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/flunearyou/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/fortigate/* @kifeo
homeassistant/components/fortios/* @kimfrellsen
homeassistant/components/foscam/* @skgsergio
homeassistant/components/foursquare/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/freebox/* @snoof85
homeassistant/components/fronius/* @nielstron
homeassistant/components/frontend/* @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/gearbest/* @HerrHofrat
homeassistant/components/geniushub/* @zxdavb
homeassistant/components/geo_rss_events/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/geonetnz_quakes/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/gitter/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/glances/* @fabaff @engrbm87
homeassistant/components/gntp/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/google_assistant/* @home-assistant/cloud
homeassistant/components/google_cloud/* @lufton
homeassistant/components/google_translate/* @awarecan
homeassistant/components/google_travel_time/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/gpsd/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/group/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/growatt_server/* @indykoning
homeassistant/components/gtfs/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/harmony/* @ehendrix23
homeassistant/components/hassio/* @home-assistant/hass-io
homeassistant/components/heos/* @andrewsayre
homeassistant/components/here_travel_time/* @eifinger
homeassistant/components/hikvision/* @mezz64
homeassistant/components/hikvisioncam/* @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/history/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/history_graph/* @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/hive/* @Rendili @KJonline
homeassistant/components/homeassistant/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/homekit_controller/* @Jc2k
homeassistant/components/homematic/* @pvizeli @danielperna84
homeassistant/components/homematicip_cloud/* @SukramJ
homeassistant/components/honeywell/* @zxdavb
homeassistant/components/html5/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/http/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/huawei_lte/* @scop
homeassistant/components/huawei_router/* @abmantis
homeassistant/components/hue/* @balloob
homeassistant/components/iaqualink/* @flz
homeassistant/components/ign_sismologia/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/incomfort/* @zxdavb
homeassistant/components/influxdb/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/input_boolean/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_datetime/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_number/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_select/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_text/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/integration/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/ios/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/ipma/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/iqvia/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/irish_rail_transport/* @ttroy50
homeassistant/components/izone/* @Swamp-Ig
homeassistant/components/jewish_calendar/* @tsvi
homeassistant/components/juicenet/* @jesserockz
homeassistant/components/kaiterra/* @Michsior14
homeassistant/components/keba/* @dannerph
homeassistant/components/keenetic_ndms2/* @foxel
homeassistant/components/keyboard_remote/* @bendavid
homeassistant/components/knx/* @Julius2342
homeassistant/components/kodi/* @armills
homeassistant/components/konnected/* @heythisisnate
homeassistant/components/lametric/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/launch_library/* @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/lcn/* @alengwenus
homeassistant/components/life360/* @pnbruckner
homeassistant/components/linky/* @Quentame
homeassistant/components/linux_battery/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/liveboxplaytv/* @pschmitt
homeassistant/components/logger/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/logi_circle/* @evanjd
homeassistant/components/lovelace/* @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/luci/* @fbradyirl @mzdrale
homeassistant/components/luftdaten/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/mastodon/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/matrix/* @tinloaf
homeassistant/components/mcp23017/* @jardiamj
homeassistant/components/mediaroom/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/melissa/* @kennedyshead
homeassistant/components/met/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/meteo_france/* @victorcerutti @oncleben31
homeassistant/components/meteoalarm/* @rolfberkenbosch
homeassistant/components/miflora/* @danielhiversen @ChristianKuehnel
homeassistant/components/mill/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/min_max/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/minio/* @tkislan
homeassistant/components/mobile_app/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/monoprice/* @etsinko
homeassistant/components/moon/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/mpd/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/mqtt/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/msteams/* @peroyvind
homeassistant/components/mysensors/* @MartinHjelmare
homeassistant/components/mystrom/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/neato/* @dshokouhi @Santobert
homeassistant/components/nello/* @pschmitt
homeassistant/components/ness_alarm/* @nickw444
homeassistant/components/nest/* @awarecan
homeassistant/components/netdata/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/nextbus/* @vividboarder
homeassistant/components/nissan_leaf/* @filcole
homeassistant/components/nmbs/* @thibmaek
homeassistant/components/no_ip/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/notify/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/notion/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/nsw_fuel_station/* @nickw444
homeassistant/components/nsw_rural_fire_service_feed/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/nuki/* @pvizeli
homeassistant/components/nws/* @MatthewFlamm
homeassistant/components/nzbget/* @chriscla
homeassistant/components/obihai/* @dshokouhi
homeassistant/components/ohmconnect/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/ombi/* @larssont
homeassistant/components/onboarding/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/opentherm_gw/* @mvn23
homeassistant/components/openuv/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/openweathermap/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/orangepi_gpio/* @pascallj
homeassistant/components/oru/* @bvlaicu
homeassistant/components/owlet/* @oblogic7
homeassistant/components/panel_custom/* @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/panel_iframe/* @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/persistent_notification/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/philips_js/* @elupus
homeassistant/components/pi_hole/* @fabaff @johnluetke
homeassistant/components/plaato/* @JohNan
homeassistant/components/plant/* @ChristianKuehnel
homeassistant/components/plex/* @jjlawren
homeassistant/components/plugwise/* @laetificat @CoMPaTech @bouwew
homeassistant/components/point/* @fredrike
homeassistant/components/ps4/* @ktnrg45
homeassistant/components/ptvsd/* @swamp-ig
homeassistant/components/push/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/pvoutput/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/qld_bushfire/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/qnap/* @colinodell
homeassistant/components/quantum_gateway/* @cisasteelersfan
homeassistant/components/qwikswitch/* @kellerza
homeassistant/components/rainbird/* @konikvranik
homeassistant/components/raincloud/* @vanstinator
homeassistant/components/rainforest_eagle/* @gtdiehl
homeassistant/components/rainmachine/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/random/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/repetier/* @MTrab
homeassistant/components/rfxtrx/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/rmvtransport/* @cgtobi
homeassistant/components/roomba/* @pschmitt
homeassistant/components/saj/* @fredericvl
homeassistant/components/samsungtv/* @escoand
homeassistant/components/scene/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/scrape/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/script/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/sense/* @kbickar
homeassistant/components/sensibo/* @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/serial/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/seventeentrack/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/shell_command/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/shiftr/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/shodan/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/simplisafe/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/sinch/* @bendikrb
homeassistant/components/slide/* @ualex73
homeassistant/components/sma/* @kellerza
homeassistant/components/smarthab/* @outadoc
homeassistant/components/smartthings/* @andrewsayre
homeassistant/components/smarty/* @z0mbieprocess
homeassistant/components/smtp/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/solaredge_local/* @drobtravels @scheric
homeassistant/components/solarlog/* @Ernst79
homeassistant/components/solax/* @squishykid
homeassistant/components/soma/* @ratsept
homeassistant/components/somfy/* @tetienne
homeassistant/components/songpal/* @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/spaceapi/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/spider/* @peternijssen
homeassistant/components/sql/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/statistics/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/stiebel_eltron/* @fucm
homeassistant/components/stream/* @hunterjm
homeassistant/components/stt/* @pvizeli
homeassistant/components/suez_water/* @ooii
homeassistant/components/sun/* @Swamp-Ig
homeassistant/components/supla/* @mwegrzynek
homeassistant/components/swiss_hydrological_data/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/swiss_public_transport/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/switchbot/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/switcher_kis/* @tomerfi
homeassistant/components/switchmate/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/syncthru/* @nielstron
homeassistant/components/synology_srm/* @aerialls
homeassistant/components/syslog/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/tahoma/* @philklei
homeassistant/components/tautulli/* @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/tellduslive/* @fredrike
homeassistant/components/template/* @PhracturedBlue
homeassistant/components/tesla/* @zabuldon
homeassistant/components/tfiac/* @fredrike @mellado
homeassistant/components/thethingsnetwork/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/threshold/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/tibber/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/tile/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/time_date/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/todoist/* @boralyl
homeassistant/components/toon/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/tplink/* @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/traccar/* @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/tradfri/* @ggravlingen
homeassistant/components/trafikverket_train/* @endor-force
homeassistant/components/transmission/* @engrbm87 @JPHutchins
homeassistant/components/tts/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/twentemilieu/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/twilio_call/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/twilio_sms/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/unifi/* @kane610
homeassistant/components/unifiled/* @florisvdk
homeassistant/components/upc_connect/* @pvizeli
homeassistant/components/upcloud/* @scop
homeassistant/components/updater/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/upnp/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/uptimerobot/* @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/usgs_earthquakes_feed/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/utility_meter/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/velbus/* @cereal2nd
homeassistant/components/velux/* @Julius2342
homeassistant/components/version/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/vesync/* @markperdue @webdjoe
homeassistant/components/vicare/* @oischinger
homeassistant/components/vivotek/* @HarlemSquirrel
homeassistant/components/vizio/* @raman325
homeassistant/components/vlc_telnet/* @rodripf
homeassistant/components/waqi/* @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/watson_tts/* @rutkai
homeassistant/components/weather/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/weblink/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/websocket_api/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/wemo/* @sqldiablo
homeassistant/components/withings/* @vangorra
homeassistant/components/wled/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/worldclock/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/wwlln/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/xbox_live/* @MartinHjelmare
homeassistant/components/xfinity/* @cisasteelersfan
homeassistant/components/xiaomi_aqara/* @danielhiversen @syssi
homeassistant/components/xiaomi_miio/* @rytilahti @syssi
homeassistant/components/xiaomi_tv/* @simse
homeassistant/components/xmpp/* @fabaff @flowolf
homeassistant/components/yamaha_musiccast/* @jalmeroth
homeassistant/components/yandex_transport/* @rishatik92
homeassistant/components/yeelight/* @rytilahti @zewelor
homeassistant/components/yeelightsunflower/* @lindsaymarkward
homeassistant/components/yessssms/* @flowolf
homeassistant/components/yi/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/yr/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/zeroconf/* @robbiet480 @Kane610
homeassistant/components/zha/* @dmulcahey @adminiuga
homeassistant/components/zone/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/zoneminder/* @rohankapoorcom
homeassistant/components/zwave/* @home-assistant/z-wave

# Individual files
homeassistant/components/demo/weather @fabaff
